Donita McClintic: Hear me
Richelle Direny: I can hear you now.
Donita McClintic: Okay, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good.
Donita McClintic: Well, it's good.
Donita McClintic: To be home.
Richelle Direny: Not really.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Richelle Direny: Being
Richelle Direny: In
Richelle Direny: Isolation, yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yes, that
Donita McClintic: Yes.
Richelle Direny: I am. I want to be rejoined with the outside world.
Richelle Direny: I mean granted it is nice.
Donita McClintic: There are some benefits to
Donita McClintic: It. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What I have to say it is like, oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I want to be reintegrated
Richelle Direny: Yeah, not just to the grocery store.
Donita McClintic: I know, it's crazy. I don't really go anywhere anyway so it's
Donita McClintic: All right.
Richelle Direny: I have to say, are you, are you still extra box.
Donita McClintic: Yes, but as get ready, say, normally I don't go anywhere. But I have been going to the grocery store for my parents. So they're not out and we selected one person and I got to be the person that gets to go do all the running so
Richelle Direny: You kind of some kind of
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Door excitement, but then outdoor excitement. Do you, um,
Richelle Direny: Would you say that, do you have to wear a mask because yesterday I was out and I had to wear the mask and I swear I thought I was suffocating
Donita McClintic: I know you can't. They're horrible. They're horrible and they say they don't even
Richelle Direny: Really work.
Donita McClintic: Right, and then you got it on your sheet. My dad said, we're gonna start stripping on the porch. I was like, no.
Richelle Direny: I mean like I had it where I had it on because every time like so when you breathe out when you exhale, it goes out when you
Richelle Direny: Inhale, it goes. Yep.
Richelle Direny: And it's just like, oh my god, I can't do this. So every minute. I kept taking you off.
Donita McClintic: Like which defeats the purpose, right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. And look, you're touching. If you got a gloves.
Donita McClintic: You got a cell phone in your hand or you know what I mean. So
Richelle Direny: What's the purpose
Donita McClintic: Yeah, then you like you know you're touching the phone. And then you take your mask off and you got it to your face it. I don't understand it either, but
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we
Richelle Direny: Yes, a mere person with somewhat of common sense, I guess.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, see, I've been helping take care of
Donita McClintic: One of our used to be my old landlord, but he's 82 and he actually he got tested for the wires, but it came back negative. But he actually had a call squat on him earlier.
Donita McClintic: And he's an emergency right now waiting for a call to see if they're going to keep him. He's got bronchitis real bad and it cannot breathe. It's horrible, like he was shaking like
Donita McClintic: A little breather. It's, um, whose name was Arnold. He's just a friend that I've been yeah he lives like a half a mile away from my parents. So I've been going back and forth to helping my mom with Caleb with with my autistic cousin. And yeah, it's been it's been crazy
Donita McClintic: Dead.
Donita McClintic: So I'm waiting on the phone call from the emergency room to see if they're going to keep him or but he did come back negative. He doesn't have the virus. So that's good.
Richelle Direny: That's good, that's good.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, but it was scary. I've never seen anybody do that where he's coughing so hard, like he was shaking, where he like he could not breathe. I was like, Oh my gosh, so
Donita McClintic: I was, um, yeah. I thought I might have to cancel and I was like, No, I'll do it. And if they call then I'll just have to cut it short. So
Richelle Direny: There you go. I like it. I like it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So listen, you're just looking so great. You're so chirpy. You're so full of life.
Donita McClintic: I know let
Richelle Direny: Me. Tell me what tell me what's No, tell me what's going on.
Donita McClintic: I just been to help. I've been focusing on myself and my helping my mom and them out and helping Arnold and my husband. I'm not even I'm not talked to him in a couple weeks I blocked him all my stuff. Yeah. So I've been great, awesome better
Richelle Direny: Than
Richelle Direny: A Film Festival. The. How did it. How did it feel in the beginning I know after we spoke like when you made this transition
Richelle Direny: Like how did they feel when you had to like block him and start somewhat. I mean, it's a bad word, but like start kind of like the be the detoxing process.
Richelle Direny: Of your husband and whatever came with that.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. At first I was overwhelmed. Like I just, I didn't know if I'd be able to go through it because everybody goes back to what you're used to. I mean, but
Donita McClintic: Yeah, but I stopped and I think I do my pros and cons, which is my my pros definitely outweigh that I mean, yeah, you know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: He's bad he's toxic and I can't do that.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, and I tried to tell him he needs to fix themselves, not for me before him, so
Donita McClintic: Then yeah, but he's not
Donita McClintic: No.
Donita McClintic: Drugs, definitely.
Donita McClintic: And
Richelle Direny: And and I like what you started off you chose yourself.
Richelle Direny: And when you choose yourself.
Richelle Direny: And you're choosing to learn you to fall in love with you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And when you fall in love with you, your self will tell you what it desires.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and I think that's the thing. Sometimes we we look for the answers of how those emotions, those things that we feel inside of us. It's like, I need someone to validate that I need someone to acknowledge that. But how about like starting with acknowledging it yourself.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and working and just. The question is, like, you know, so you love yourself, and that's that's a, that's a loaded question.
Richelle Direny: Yes. If you don't, then you're going to very find it very hard. So then you're going to go back to what you think.
Richelle Direny: Right, like and what she
Richelle Direny: What what what you were comfortable with, or you became comfortable with yourself to be comfortable with.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and so yeah that's good because you're looking. I'm like, look at her. She can
Richelle Direny: Be in our life and everything.
Donita McClintic: And I didn't cancel.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I like, I mean, when I done the methadone treatment stuff. I got to the point where I take homes at all we had to do.
Donita McClintic: Like my treatment plan like once a month with accounts or whatever. And I my groups. I didn't know how to do that once a month, but I i think that they help. I know at first I was like shy and didn't want to tell my story and all
Donita McClintic: That but
Donita McClintic: When I seen that everybody is, you know, they're just like I am. It's. It made me feel a whole lot better. But I really do think that the. This helps you got it.
Donita McClintic: Because my parents doesn't understand what I'm saying they don't you know they don't. So, I mean, I tried to talk to them about stuff. I mean, I still say it, but they
Richelle Direny: Don't know what. Think about it. Think of this, think about this analogy.
Richelle Direny: You have a soda bottle. Shake it up. Shake it Off. Shake it Off. Shake it Off. Shake out
Richelle Direny: What happens. What about how does the battlefield.
Donita McClintic: A tight for are going to explode.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. So you should you're you're shaking it up and it spits this this of stuff that's how we are we have so much that's in us.
Richelle Direny: It's like life just says you need to release it and it's shaking you up and shaking you up and how does it shake you, how do you know what shaking, you become super anxious become depressed you them. You have a panic attack and your attack is really your release from that anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Right. But what so in counseling. What happens is that I'm going to help you to release the pressure. How can you think about it, take the image of the soda water you shake it up.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, if you don't want it to go exploding. How do you release it.
Donita McClintic: You solve what you do. Easy.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: That one right here.
Donita McClintic: Guys soda bottle right there. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But if I think about life like that.
Donita McClintic: It's never thought about. That's good.
Donita McClintic: Use you slide down
Richelle Direny: You slowly really you just have to slowly release it and how you release it is speaking about it a little at a time.
Richelle Direny: Now reality of what the sort of our wants to do it wants to just release everything all at once. But then when you release everything all at once. All you're doing is spewing information and everything cannot be addressed.
Richelle Direny: Well, we have to slowly do it through every session that you go to, through every
Richelle Direny: Group that you go to. And so eventually your release that pressure the bottle comes back to its normal it feels soft, it's pliable and now the bubbles are slowly going, everything is returning back to pull me a space. It's too.
Richelle Direny: Small we you have to think about. You like that.
Richelle Direny: LG, you know, and so how can I, how do I know when I'm building up the pressure. Are you feeling more anxious
Donita McClintic: Anxious. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Do you feel that you're going into a deeper depression.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Do you feel that you're just now you're with trying to
Donita McClintic: Draw. Yes, that's what I do. I do. I would draw myself. Yes.
Richelle Direny: That's how you know that the pressures of life is. And because the reality of it is, it wants to come out because the cap is on top. It's refusing from allowing it to come out. But we, it's, it's like I have to release it because so
Richelle Direny: The way the pressure is is that the pressure comes up and it wants to be released, but over time through life.
Richelle Direny: Through maybe your family members through everyone around you. What is onwards behavior is that you keep it all to yourself. Don't tell me about your business. Why are you telling them your business.
Richelle Direny: Because they go to. And so all kind of negativity gets poured into
Richelle Direny: And that's a learned behavior that learns behavior is to keep it inside. And what happens when you keep the toxins inside
Donita McClintic: It's loud. It's not good.
Donita McClintic: Enough.
Donita McClintic: Everything.
Richelle Direny: Out of you because you're you're keeping the toxins inside
Richelle Direny: I have to release it release it and this is how you release it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's
Donita McClintic: Just, you know, all yeah and i like i said what like our gratitude. I am so grateful.
Donita McClintic: For this program because if I didn't find you guys when I did. I don't know where I would be, honestly, because I don't go
Donita McClintic: I mean I'm slowly getting out there and then when I started getting out there you know the current virus. So I had to stay put, other than the grocery store, but if it wasn't for you guys. I don't
Donita McClintic: I mean, cuz I just don't know like I do. I appreciate you guys being here. I honestly do like you guys are you guys are on the frontline even though you're not think for
Donita McClintic: For us.
Home.
Richelle Direny: When the frontline in isolation. So we asked for my so let's be an isolation together and release the soda bottle. That's what it is.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it's it's it's it's so I'm happy for you in the sense that you have come to that place where even though you're in isolation. It's not something that you're choosing because of your problems because this is
Richelle Direny: Your isolation, not because of your problems. It's because there are other circumstances beyond your control none that
Richelle Direny: You created none that momentarily jumped to be a part of that's put you in isolation. So in this time that I'm put in isolation, with a free and clear mind because remember before when you were in isolation.
Richelle Direny: You were depressed, you're anxious, we're thinking about everything in life.
Richelle Direny: So you were not in a place to think and process. Clearly, now you're in it and you're thinking, and you're saying, hey, so now is that time while you're in isolation to become proactive cognitively proactive and when I say cognitively proactive is that now you're thinking
Richelle Direny: Don't need a watch. What can you do to improve your own
Richelle Direny: Life in the sense of your own home on quality of life. How can I improve this quality of life.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like in group. What I've been using
Richelle Direny: Is this term call it the song, which I'm sure a lot of people saying, because the old song. I could see clearly. Now the rain.
Donita McClintic: Yes.
I got
Donita McClintic: That song was on earlier in the car.
Donita McClintic: That is so weird.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Thank God I gosh I can
Richelle Direny: Clearly, now the rain is gone. I could see all obstacles in my way. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're in love. Now you're in isolation, but the storm is over the rain is gone. Now you can see all the sun is shining and it's going to be a bright sunshiny day
Donita McClintic: Yeah, you're here.
Richelle Direny: It is a bright sunshiny day because now, in your mind, you have removed whatever top or you're slowly removing anything that's toxic in your life.
Richelle Direny: That's keeping you tracked that's keeping you in this bad place you're slowly removing it. So even though it's not the bright, bright sunshiny day, but it is bright.
Donita McClintic: It is brighter. Yes, it's brighter than
Richelle Direny: It was yes.
Richelle Direny: So it's just thinking about it. It's a bright. Okay. It's a bright, bright sunshiny day. Think about the sunshiny day is when the sun is at its peak.
Richelle Direny: Right, yeah. Right now it's you see the sun coming up.
Richelle Direny: It's like kind of like mid on early, mid morning it's a bright and the more you continue add this cognitive restructuring.
Richelle Direny: I'm at the state that the season that you're in right now. It's like you're saying all right now.
Richelle Direny: I want it to be a bright, I want to be able to get through these obstacles, because you know what before
Richelle Direny: I was whether it was intoxicated or wasn't in my right mind because I was so hurt and I was whole bottle down and everything the obstacles that were in my way. I didn't really do anything with them or
Richelle Direny: I would get or
Richelle Direny: In order for me to get through these obstacles. I had to be under the influence of something
Richelle Direny: Right now.
Richelle Direny: I'm doing this holistically with some assistance, I'm doing this holistically, so I can see all of the obstacles with a clear mind with a clear view um you field of view.
Richelle Direny: Well, now I can learn how to go through each of it healthy
Richelle Direny: War without any kind of toxins in me.
Donita McClintic: Wow.
Richelle Direny: I know and I'm slowly released
Donita McClintic: Before like when I okay when I cuz I quit methadone cold turkey and I was on it for 18 months and there's probably like this 30 day after being off of that I had all of these
Donita McClintic: Thoughts, like, it's like marquis signs going every direction. And it, it was overwhelming and I had to teach myself how to like try to slow my brain down
Donita McClintic: And concentrate on one thing at a time like I still have problems with it. Sometimes, but when I when that happens. That's usually what I'll go off by myself and I color. I will color because I have to concentrate on not gotten out of the lines.
Donita McClintic: While I'm thinking about whatever it is that's going on in my mind. Like that's that kind of stuff is gets overwhelming a lot, but here lately. Since I've been
Donita McClintic: Up active doing things for my pair or helping my mom. It's like I feel like I have a purpose because she needs help. So instead of her doing it. I'll get up and do it. No, no one else doesn't think for so I get up and I help her. And at the end of the day, I feel like I've accomplished something.
Donita McClintic: And it's great.
Donita McClintic: I love it.
Richelle Direny: And scary. And I know one of the things that you what you talked about
Richelle Direny: What you talked about in our last session was that you
Richelle Direny: Being able to get out and go to the store and not be so especially like with one of the things you struggle with your self image with your
Richelle Direny: Teeth and everything. Yeah, not so be so concerned and so overwhelmed and bottle down with your self image, you know, because remember we talked about, like, no, that's
Richelle Direny: How you look at yourself. That's sees you.
Richelle Direny: It's right how you so your insecurities is kind of on blast and because you're insecurity, you think everybody is looking at you through your
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: Your own insecurities.
Donita McClintic: Right, but where I have to wear masks cat. The cat. No one see it.
See what
Richelle Direny: It was yesterday I was going out of the house. And then I thought, oh, let me put on some lipstick. Then I picked up.
Donita McClintic: Again, that's funny. Dr. Jamison out now. She told was centered in the group. I'm with you guys, but she's talking about someone on Facebook. So we need to stop wearing masks at home because they're busy. And that's a good one too.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, and she switched my groups to I'll be in your Tennessee group on Wednesdays. Now, at noon, because I was in a group with somebody with Alan Johnson someone I knew so to
Donita McClintic: See group. So that will be
Richelle Direny: Day you, um, you're in Tennessee.
Donita McClintic: I'm in Ohio, but where I know Odessa, AND I KNOW, ANGELA amber like I know Bethany, Oxfordshire. I know all of them. So
Richelle Direny: You know,
Donita McClintic: Swick yeah she had to switch us
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: For you thank you know Alvin.
Donita McClintic: Yeah he is our wins. Mom, I would Johnson. He is his mother. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: He is who he is the one that
Donita McClintic: Started from you guys first and then I was the second one to do it. And then now I told her this is my cousin. So I yeah so it's a
Richelle Direny: Family, it's a family.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, and you know what Angie's
Donita McClintic: Her husband just overdosed last night. He didn't pass away, but he did over there not together. I don't think but
Donita McClintic: I saw a film for her yesterday. Like, I can't
Donita McClintic: I'm so glad I'm not. That's, that's just a horrible. I don't even know how
Richelle Direny: So that's about it. That's, um, that's about it. But
Richelle Direny: So this is so this is the other thing.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: That's good, that being able to be in a place where you're becoming aware of everything around you in your surroundings and
Donita McClintic: Everything.
Richelle Direny: And being able to put it out there. Um, I would definitely say that knowing yourself and knowing where you are in your own recovery is very, very, very, very important.
Richelle Direny: And the reason why it's so important because you all of this work that you've done to actually start the journey. It took a lot out of you to start the journey. It took that much more to get through the first 30 days of that journey.
Richelle Direny: The first 30 days.
Donita McClintic: I know
Richelle Direny: It now when you think about, like, where, how, how long have you been on this journey.
Donita McClintic: Of all together three years trying to get clean three years.
Richelle Direny: So consistently without anything without any slip ups. When I anything. How long is that man.
Donita McClintic: Okay, without any slip ups, just like a month because I i was 18 almost I started this program this one in 2018 November 2018 and I don't good until I'd love my husband, which was
Donita McClintic: Not this past drug test, but the drug test before
Donita McClintic: I had, I hadn't had medicine for three days because the internet out here is so well now it's not because I'm at our old house what she's got the high speed. My mom and dad have satellite internet and it's horrible. So I couldn't do my drug thing that
Donita McClintic: But so I had to wait for three days before I got medicine and it's at the time I was leaving my husband and I tried to do some math and they did not even get me high, it just made me feel
Donita McClintic: Like a starting all over again, it's all done. But in that I that's when I realized my husband is is toxic for me. He's not he should be supporting me, you know, tell me I'm doing good. Not trying to pay me drugs. Right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so it's been like a month since I've been
Donita McClintic: Thinking about
Richelle Direny: So overall, you've been at this for three years.
Richelle Direny: Consistently
Richelle Direny: For the last three months because something kind of
Richelle Direny: You know, got where life just kind of gotten there where you just kind of
Richelle Direny: Did you slept. Right. But until so think about where you are for yourself. So
Richelle Direny: And you know what, that's very important, even that you brought that up because
Richelle Direny: The reality of it is you have been on this like you have been on this journey for three years.
Richelle Direny: But then something occurred.
Richelle Direny: 30 days ago.
Richelle Direny: That made you reach
Richelle Direny: And you got and you'll even and maybe not having enough willpower to really truly walk away. So it's now, like you said, choosing you is to learn, you
Richelle Direny: To learn your triggers.
Richelle Direny: Understand your triggers and to know where you are that am I in a place to really help somebody else.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like we're both learning how to swim. Your had been
Richelle Direny: A stronger, smarter than I am.
Richelle Direny: But you're not in the place to
Richelle Direny: Save me if I'm going under.
Donita McClintic: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: You feel bad because I don't want you don't want me to go under. So you're going to try your best to reach for me.
Richelle Direny: But what ends up happening when you read because you've been we
Donita McClintic: Both we're both gonna
Richelle Direny: We're both going under. And that's a hard pill to swallow. Think about that. That's a hard pill to swallow.
Richelle Direny: Because now, your emotions now takes over and this is this false sense of, oh my god, I can't allow her to sing like I, you know, I'm a tad bit like I went to
Richelle Direny: I started tweeting school. Two weeks before she did. So I know a little bit of thing but you're still not in a place to try to save someone else.
Richelle Direny: Right. So now what ends up happening that emotion of I feel sorry for her. I want to help her is coming from a genuine place, but at the same time, you're not in the place to try to help me.
Richelle Direny: Because now we're both going to sink and in your situation you it's coming from a genuine place because you're with your husband you love your husband. You don't think this and whatever. But then what ends up happening is that now you just
Richelle Direny: baxley
Richelle Direny: Simply on cars. Yes.
Richelle Direny: What your emotion deceived you to think that you were
Donita McClintic: Trying and I journey with me. It makes me hate him even more. Honestly, I mean, I really saw. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Obviously I mean so
Richelle Direny: So choosing yourself. It's really saying, I need to learn me or anything.
Richelle Direny: In me
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so while Angie and her ex husband or
Donita McClintic: Whatever. Yeah, they're they're married but they're not together but yeah
Richelle Direny: But while you know you
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you have to, you have to ask yourself, and I'm going to say not to do it. I'm just
Donita McClintic: Saying, right.
Richelle Direny: Whatever you whatever lifeline. You want to throw or whatever you think you want to do stop with it with logical thinking and say,
Richelle Direny: I need to prepare myself mentally and emotionally if I reach out to them, are they in that place where she is feeling so low or she's in a bad place that then she started speaking to you, which now becomes a trigger for you.
Donita McClintic: Right. You're right, you're right, you're right. I never thought of that. So that's good that because you are right. Yeah. So I probably should just pray for them.
Richelle Direny: Somebody ain't gonna get you to
Donita McClintic: But you're what you're right, because she definitely would be a trigger because we used to do stuff together. So, you, you're right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, again, I'm not telling you what I'm just saying.
Donita McClintic: You know me. Yeah, I know.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, you just described, everything just doesn't mean that you're right. So thank you for that.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I need to focus on me and not worry about them. They made their own choice.
So,
Richelle Direny: And it's a hard thing to say.
Donita McClintic: It's a hard thing to get to
Richelle Direny: But it is a place where you have to say um
Richelle Direny: I need to. I need to know
Richelle Direny: Am I in that place that if I get on the phone and I'm offering you know some sense of, I'm trying to console or whatever the situation is or support emotional support whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: Is it going to put me in a bad
Donita McClintic: Place. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And honestly, I've not really talked to her for a while anyway so
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I mean, I don't know how she's doing in her recovery and what and, you know, I don't know. So I
Donita McClintic: I'll just, I mean, he's still and I don't even think they're together but
Donita McClintic: I don't know, I just thought I just was thinking about it, whatever. But yeah, you're right. I need to just worried about myself because I would probably, I don't know what kind of state of mind. She's in and
Donita McClintic: Yeah, she used to be like one of my best friends. So yeah, I'll just
Donita McClintic: Pray for her, like you said, Yes, that's what yeah I will pray for somebody ain't going to do nothing, no.
Donita McClintic: I think she's been doing good. I mean, last time I saw her she looks. She looks so much better. She didn't add look I was shocked. Like she loved green
Donita McClintic: CC used to. I used to be her counselor back like two, three years ago, and I would tell her.
Donita McClintic: If you like she started she she can't do it on their own and whatever she's always been with someone, I said, Angie, you can do it. And she's done and then
Donita McClintic: She goes back with them and whatever, which I can't say nothing, because we are. I mean, I've done it, too, but
Donita McClintic: This time I'm he marks, not my husband isn't going to change. I know I already know this. So,
Donita McClintic: It's sad because it will be will be would have been married or we are married, it will be four years. On May 12 but I need to start looking for like disillusion or something. But there's a disillusion to they have to agree to it because he probably won't agree.
Donita McClintic: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I mean, regardless if he wants to
Richelle Direny: Agree. He has to come, I would think he would have to contest to see
Richelle Direny: Why he disagree. I mean don't want to be want to be with them.
Richelle Direny: I just can't force up with somebody
Donita McClintic: I also maybe you should put a note something because he said he was going to call my doctor tried to get me in trouble, which I don't know what for, I have no idea.
Richelle Direny: What you want to hear Dr. Jamison
Donita McClintic: Yes. Yeah, yeah. I don't know what he was saying he threatened me with all kind of stuff that's when I blocked him I block them from all of my
Donita McClintic: My mom stuff. Yeah, I gave him the phone number. I gave him your guys's number like awesome
Call it. There you go, you go.
Donita McClintic: Like
Richelle Direny: Whatever.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because he because what you're doing is that
Richelle Direny: So for so long for you. It's like he's had the power and control.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So basically what you're doing in choosing yourself. You're saying basically what you're saying to him is that I'm not allowing it
Richelle Direny: I'm not allowing you
Richelle Direny: To manipulate
Richelle Direny: I'm not allowed you to
Richelle Direny: play games with me.
Richelle Direny: I'm not allowing you
Richelle Direny: To think it is okay to talk to me or do whatever it is that you like, I'm not allowing that
Richelle Direny: And so by you blocking him.
Richelle Direny: You're shutting him down and and that's
Richelle Direny: That you know that's a little because when it's all said and done, it's a mind game.
Richelle Direny: And if I think I can get to you with
Richelle Direny: These mind games. This one I'm going to do.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yep. It's a mind game.
Donita McClintic: So what for you, I would say. Good for you.
Donita McClintic: I mean, you're on this journey and i and i
Richelle Direny: For you, you know, what does it mean for
Donita McClintic: You to maintain your sobriety like
Richelle Direny: Think of it. I want you to think about it for you.
Richelle Direny: What does it mean
Donita McClintic: For you to maintain your summer, it means everything
Donita McClintic: To me like I am.
Donita McClintic: Like I said before, I feel ashamed of myself for things that I've done, and I cannot. I used to. I used to judge people I had cousins that done things. I'm like, How in the world, you get to that point.
Donita McClintic: And then one day there. I was so I you know do that no more. But I know what I've lost in this in my 10 whole 10 years of being on drugs.
Donita McClintic: And I
Donita McClintic: It means. It means my life really. I mean, that's what it means. It means my sanity. It means everything to me. Really does
Richelle Direny: So in in picking that apart and saying,
Richelle Direny: That it means your life and it means
Richelle Direny: Everything to you.
Richelle Direny: It's still getting to not being a more of a blanket statement, but more of the I'm like the depth of it. It means a life to you.
Richelle Direny: Like what do you stand to lose, like when you think about
Richelle Direny: Your sobriety right now. I could see clearly. Now the rain is gone.
Richelle Direny: You're looking back at the storm that's behind you.
Richelle Direny: Because there's a storm behind you.
Richelle Direny: You're ever driving and I'm you're seeing the storm in front of you and
Donita McClintic: You have no choice but to go through it. Yep.
Richelle Direny: And then you drive through it.
Richelle Direny: And you look behind you and you're like, Whoa.
Donita McClintic: Yep.
Richelle Direny: Your storm is behind you. When you turn around and you look at that store. What do you see
Donita McClintic: A big mess, a big mess.
Richelle Direny: And I need you to identify at least two things. What that meant was, when you look back, it was my it was
Donita McClintic: My kids losing my i mean i will say, using the bond with my kids, but it definitely changed my relationship with my kids.
Donita McClintic: With my parents.
Donita McClintic: With my I mean with myself like I look at myself sometimes. And I just like
Donita McClintic: It's like the road, you know, you take the road you go left. It's this you're going to just have this outcome if you go right you got totally you know different
Donita McClintic: And now I got on that wrong road, but that's the right with the storm. The road is to my left, was the storm was at the right. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: But yeah, like my kids and my
Donita McClintic: Mom, my parents like my mom is my mother's my best friend. And if I was to go back down the left road, I would, that would be gone. Probably. I mean, she's still going to love me, I'm a daughter, but what we have right now. So what we're getting back right now.
Donita McClintic: It would just break her heart. And then that would really i'm not ever going to see that again, ever. I will see disappointment on the faces. I don't want to disappoint went Oh MY KIDS FACES
Donita McClintic: So,
Donita McClintic: I have two
Donita McClintic: Two Boys office 23 and Jaden 95 grand baby, but I'm not, I'm not allowed to see here because the mother doesn't want nothing to do with us so
Richelle Direny: Um, so, and that was because of the storm that you went in.
Donita McClintic: That was because of my her my son. DING are together. So she just blocked all of us out.
Donita McClintic: Okay, oh god yeah but but the what the, what the storm that you went into
Richelle Direny: Was that affected the relationship with your son.
Donita McClintic: It did. And here's what I mean, here's what it done after I overdosed. See, I didn't realize this at the time but Austin would have been my next of kin.
Donita McClintic: He would have been the one to make the decision if they couldn't got me back, whatever, you know, just whatever with the medical stuff.
Donita McClintic: And after that happened you know he was in high school at the time.
Donita McClintic: He was a senior, he didn't graduate and he started to be a homebody now he has the social and he doesn't go nowhere and I mean absolutely nowhere does. I could go. He doesn't and
Richelle Direny: Social Phobia
Donita McClintic: And that all happened after I overdosed and he won't. I've tried to talk to him about it, but he tells me that that's not why I mean he tells me that that doesn't bother him, but I know that her so. But yeah, that that changed our relationship. He
Richelle Direny: Live in
Richelle Direny: Front of you have that guilt.
Richelle Direny: There hanging over. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yes, definitely. Yeah. I wish I could do that all over again. I really do. I mean, everybody does.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I
Donita McClintic: I hate myself for that. But, um, I like you've told me before. That's in the past, and I've, you know, I've talked about it. And that's where I'm, you know, I try to leave it, but
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I like day to day. Honestly, I don't know how tomorrow's want to be, but today I want to
Donita McClintic: Get is it solely so when you think about your story.
Richelle Direny: When you look back, you've identified two things that was very important to you there.
Richelle Direny: Until, to this day, you think about your relationship with your parents and ideally
Richelle Direny: Your mom.
Richelle Direny: You think about the
Richelle Direny: Relationship he did with your son.
Richelle Direny: And what the the
Richelle Direny: Continuous impact.
Richelle Direny: That it's had on that and the guilt that
Richelle Direny: You feel
Donita McClintic: And
Donita McClintic: Even though it's in the past.
Richelle Direny: You cannot do it.
Richelle Direny: Right have to live.
Richelle Direny: Through it, and live with it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, what you can do.
Richelle Direny: Is while choosing
Richelle Direny: Yourself.
Richelle Direny: And working on yourself, they can
Richelle Direny: Only see the change
Richelle Direny: And it's
Donita McClintic: Their choice right
Richelle Direny: Whether or not.
Donita McClintic: They want to forgive
Richelle Direny: And now start a new page.
Donita McClintic: Right, it's
Richelle Direny: Their choice.
Richelle Direny: Your choice.
Richelle Direny: Is that you're choosing self and in choosing yourself it's rebuilding the relationship with your mom rebuilding the relationship with your son.
Richelle Direny: And rebuilding everything
Richelle Direny: That maybe like you have lost
Donita McClintic: What
Richelle Direny: You understand, and you can only learn
Donita McClintic: From it
Um,
Richelle Direny: Is it
Richelle Direny: A guilt that you feel. Yes, hands down.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to allow it.
Richelle Direny: To keep you
Donita McClintic: Down.
Donita McClintic: That's what choice.
Richelle Direny: USA. So if you're not
Richelle Direny: Going to allow it.
Richelle Direny: You have to accept and acknowledge it was a storm.
Donita McClintic: That I shouldn't have went through, but I did.
Richelle Direny: This
Richelle Direny: Is the repercussions of it.
Richelle Direny: But I can't allow it to keep me stagnant.
Richelle Direny: I have to move on.
Donita McClintic: I the
Richelle Direny: Only one thing that
Richelle Direny: You do in moving on.
Richelle Direny: For myself, not for everybody else.
Richelle Direny: But for myself.
Richelle Direny: I need to maintain
Richelle Direny: My sobriety. And what does that mean
Donita McClintic: In maintaining your sobriety.
Donita McClintic: I gotta keep doing what I'm doing.
I gotta keep
Donita McClintic: Looking yeah
Donita McClintic: You have to keep looking so
Richelle Direny: In the
End
Donita McClintic: End
Richelle Direny: You know, keep
Richelle Direny: Your storm, you saw your
Donita McClintic: Store.
Donita McClintic: I could see clearly now.
Donita McClintic: The rain is gone.
Richelle Direny: Your storm. It's behind you. What is your motivator.
Richelle Direny: For this son to to
Richelle Direny: maintain and keep having the
Donita McClintic: Sunshine days.
Richelle Direny: What's for you. What is your motivator.
Donita McClintic: Because I want to be happy. I
Donita McClintic: I mean, and of course my family that I mean their motive. That's no I'm and first like just I guess my husband saying I can't do it. I can't do it. Well, yes, I can prove to people, you know, I mean, am I mean weird to say, but that I'm going to show my can do it.
Richelle Direny: No, it is what it is. Yeah. I'm not doing it for you. You
Richelle Direny: You don't want it.
To show
Donita McClintic: You
Donita McClintic: This is my life, this is what
Donita McClintic: That's about. I love you enough
Richelle Direny: To walk away.
Donita McClintic: Right, that's good.
Donita McClintic: Yeah all right let down to
Donita McClintic: Yeah. God, I love talking to you.
Donita McClintic: You so
Donita McClintic: It's like you're in my head.
Richelle Direny: But when you understand what I need to hear
Richelle Direny: You, but you have to
Donita McClintic: You have to say that to yourself like
Richelle Direny: I love you enough because you're not saying to him, I
Donita McClintic: Don't you
Richelle Direny: What I'm saying to you.
Richelle Direny: Is that I love you in
Richelle Direny: To walk away. Yes.
Donita McClintic: I need to do better.
Richelle Direny: Right. If you love me, then you walk away and
Richelle Direny: Come here with me.
Richelle Direny: But I love you enough to
Richelle Direny: Say, I cannot stay on that. I don't want to stay in that
Richelle Direny: Store, because the longer I stay in it, the more
Donita McClintic: I could lose my mother.
Donita McClintic: My father
Richelle Direny: Not just lose them physically I they could die and then I'm not there now.
Donita McClintic: You talk about depression. Now give me a tranquilizer because
Donita McClintic: You understand. So yes, I do. Yeah, I've thought about that before.
Donita McClintic: And I would I would really if that was that happened, I would really hate him and that definitely would be toxic for both of us because
Donita McClintic: Because then you're gonna blame him.
Donita McClintic: For the
Richelle Direny: choices you made because he didn't make you make those choices.
Donita McClintic: You make them.
Richelle Direny: But you're going to blame him.
Richelle Direny: Because you're going to look at the fact that
Richelle Direny: Because you love him so much.
Donita McClintic: Do chose him.
Richelle Direny: And you did.
Donita McClintic: Your family, you don't have your family or your mom or your son or anybody with you.
Richelle Direny: And so now you're going to, you're going to
Richelle Direny: You're going to you're going to be so blinded by the fact that you
Richelle Direny: made that choice and you're just going to stay focused.
Richelle Direny: On hand, like you said,
Donita McClintic: And so
Donita McClintic: For you, you said I love you would not walk away. I love you enough to choose.
Richelle Direny: If you can write down
All of the things
Richelle Direny: That
Donita McClintic: You
Richelle Direny: could lose
Donita McClintic: If you relax.
Richelle Direny: Because remember, I told you.
Donita McClintic: The first 30 days.
Richelle Direny: Of a detox.
Donita McClintic: Is very hard.
Richelle Direny: Because, like, your body is constantly craving and your body is constantly craving it
Richelle Direny: To pass the first 30 days.
Richelle Direny: I am not going to say it's a whole lot
Richelle Direny: Easier.
Richelle Direny: But it gets
Richelle Direny: A little bit.
Donita McClintic: It does, it does. And I know a lot of it. Like what's the methadone. I didn't do counseling or nothing after I quit.
Donita McClintic: I don't know, a lot of it was like
Donita McClintic: I didn't really have the physical withdrawal. But I had to trick myself. I had to tell myself.
Donita McClintic: Okay, just example if I didn't have nothing. I'd say, Well, I'm one day closer to getting it. I didn't look at, okay, I don't have nothing today like drug wise.
Donita McClintic: I would just one day closer to getting it.
Donita McClintic: So I tried to look at the positive instead of the negative
Donita McClintic: Like I I know a lot of it is it
Donita McClintic: Is what we
Donita McClintic: Are mine. I mean a lot. So
Donita McClintic: Yeah, with methadone, I would just think stuff like that and it does get easier. I know until you have them triggered till something triggers it
But
Donita McClintic: Like watching intervention may my sister I we both were going to method and at the same time and
Donita McClintic: When I quit she quit right after I did, I, I quit. By choice, she quit because she because I was paying for her to go. Also, and I moved away. So she didn't
Donita McClintic: Get to go anymore. But anyway, I can watch intervention and that helped me I guess we're watching how they help them on the counselors or whatever the interventionist and it would bother her like she couldn't watch it, but I could watch it like
Donita McClintic: I don't just
Donita McClintic: That what
Donita McClintic: Was what was, what was it, then, Father, her mother, you
Donita McClintic: I think because she's still craved she still wanted
Donita McClintic: Stuff and I didn't
Donita McClintic: I did not. I mean I I gained so much weight on methadone my boobs were so big. I mean, my kid and I
Donita McClintic: Was like in a triple f
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: They were goaded I couldn't sleep. It was horrible, like one brought lane Bryant was $70 like who can afford that.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I lost almost 100 pounds after I was to 48 when I
Donita McClintic: Start what I quit methadone. I could not breathe as like it's killing me.
Richelle Direny: So for her. It's not like
Donita McClintic: Ya know, she knows
Donita McClintic: She's better now. She's not sure I've done proud of her. She's done great since
Donita McClintic: Almost four years ago.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, cuz I've been married almost four years. So yeah, she's done great and it's because we don't hang out like we used to, because she's a trigger to me. You mean we're triggers for each other because we used to do things together.
Donita McClintic: Like functions and whatever and talk about other things, they're not. We don't
Donita McClintic: I don't believe we've ever talked about like we used to do stuff together. Honestly, since then.
Donita McClintic: So she doesn't do some boxes, she does.
Donita McClintic: She doesn't do anything. Like, I'm proud over. I really am like oh jealous.
Donita McClintic: You know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: So being being aware
Donita McClintic: She, she heard
Donita McClintic: I said, Actually, when she quit methadone, she started drinking alcohol. So she's kind of she drinks alcohol. Now, instead
Richelle Direny: So she switched to what it is such a production. Yep.
She switched
Donita McClintic: She did but
Donita McClintic: Again, you know that's that's her story is your sister.
Donita McClintic: That's her story.
Richelle Direny: Your story is
Richelle Direny: Is looking at
Donita McClintic: What to use their losing were slide is what, what does this mean for you.
Donita McClintic: Yeah I stand on losing everything and everyone because I'm on my last I mean I know if
Richelle Direny: Your sister have children.
Donita McClintic: Yes, she has to she has a boy and a girl when our oldest ones 21 and her youngest one will be 18 in May.
Richelle Direny: And
She
Richelle Direny: You know it's it's not necessarily
Donita McClintic: Trying references that
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes we make our decisions.
Donita McClintic: Based on what we see other people doing and what they're going through.
Richelle Direny: We don't allow
Donita McClintic: Ourselves.
Richelle Direny: To think about
Richelle Direny: What's all of the ingredients that makes up
That situation.
Richelle Direny: We just go with what our eyes shows us what our eyes tells us
Donita McClintic: Or create what story creates in our mind.
Donita McClintic: We have to face the fullness and so
And
Donita McClintic: You know,
Donita McClintic: Just
Richelle Direny: If you're choosing you
Richelle Direny: So you
Donita McClintic: One of the things that you're working on is our designated by identify what increases your anxiety.
Richelle Direny: One of the things you talked about
Donita McClintic: Is your husband.
Donita McClintic: And all the things that surrounding that.
Richelle Direny: Idea of
Donita McClintic: Both of
Richelle Direny: Us.
Richelle Direny: Relaxing and losing the relationship that you've started to form and filled with your family.
Donita McClintic: So those are the things that you've identified when you talk about identifying those are things that you did share that these
Donita McClintic: Um,
Donita McClintic: You know for you is you want to improve. One of the other goals that you're working on is to improve the relationship with your
Richelle Direny: Parents and
Richelle Direny: You say that when you look at
Your
Richelle Direny: Disappointment.
Donita McClintic: So you're almost working on
Donita McClintic: Changing that little bit
Donita McClintic: But you're also identifying in everything that you're not that you're living her with her everything that you're identifying is that
Richelle Direny: You're working toward rebuilding this
Relationship.
Richelle Direny: One of the things that you seem that you've done is that
Richelle Direny: Your husband, who was also a trigger to your anxiety.
He
Richelle Direny: Using these moments of manipulation.
Richelle Direny: Trying to suck you back in
Richelle Direny: You see it as
Richelle Direny: If I do that, I stand a chance of losing the relationship with my mom.
Richelle Direny: And if I do, then I'm
Richelle Direny: Really going to choose.
Richelle Direny: So you made that
Richelle Direny: conscious decision.
Richelle Direny: shut him down.
Richelle Direny: You're stopping that whole
Donita McClintic: Um,
Richelle Direny: You want to work on rebuilding your confidence.
Richelle Direny: What you're saying
Donita McClintic: Is that part.
Donita McClintic: Of you rebuilding this license. We've spoken.
Richelle Direny: Is that you're going out more.
Richelle Direny: You're going to the store.
Donita McClintic: And you're feeling
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: With that, I can based on what my eyes can see
Richelle Direny: My eyes is telling my
Richelle Direny: Brain that you're doing really well.
Richelle Direny: Because I see how bright and how exciting.
Donita McClintic: For me, and how you may
Donita McClintic: Even though, something is going on.
Richelle Direny: You're saying that that can say
Richelle Direny: I need to do me and in doing me I need to go to my session.
Richelle Direny: On that finish, then I can go and what I love, especially what you said.
Richelle Direny: Is that in you choosing you
Richelle Direny: To work on you. You're saying, hey,
Donita McClintic: Michelle.
Richelle Direny: This is what's going on with me.
Richelle Direny: But I thought about canceling but I
Richelle Direny: chose not to.
Richelle Direny: Cancel. If something comes up.
Richelle Direny: Is it
Richelle Direny: Okay, that I skip
Richelle Direny: Out earlier.
Richelle Direny: These are things that you're doing for
Donita McClintic: Yourself.
Richelle Direny: It goes to confirm
Richelle Direny: I'm choosing me
Richelle Direny: And I'm in control.
Of my situation.
Richelle Direny: I'm in full control.
Donita McClintic: And in be
Donita McClintic: In full control.
Richelle Direny: You're saying that hey,
Richelle Direny: I could still choose me
Richelle Direny: And make an appointment.
Richelle Direny: And say, hey,
Richelle Direny: In the process of choosing me
Richelle Direny: Let me see how I can maneuver and how I
Donita McClintic: Can manage the situation.
Donita McClintic: Were you able to do that while you were in your store.
Donita McClintic: Wow.
Donita McClintic: I might have thought a kid when I was in the storm.
Donita McClintic: Your knowledge is the great
Richelle Direny: I can see now that the rain is gone.
Richelle Direny: I can see everything that's in my way.
Donita McClintic: That we need there. That was a
Donita McClintic: Big fish in the room.
Richelle Direny: I see.
Richelle Direny: So you think about
Richelle Direny: Even in the situation when he talks about Angela and what she's going through and everybody else around you. You're saying, hey,
Richelle Direny: I know all of this. Hey,
Richelle Direny: Dr. Jamison this kind
Richelle Direny: Of a suit trigger for me because we were
Richelle Direny: All doing this together.
Richelle Direny: She was my ride or die.
Richelle Direny: But you know what she was literally my ride or die now.
Richelle Direny: You can't be my ride or die.
Richelle Direny: So now you're saying that hey, something is going
Richelle Direny: On with her and I would love to. So
Richelle Direny: Now that you can see
Richelle Direny: All the obstacles.
Richelle Direny: One of your possible. There's a little bit of additional road. And if I go in that
Richelle Direny: My car bomb go out of whack.
Richelle Direny: Or on the phone. I'm gonna get a breath.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: Can I get back up.
Richelle Direny: So then you're saying
Richelle Direny: You know what
Donita McClintic: It may be nice, but where I am in my journey.
Richelle Direny: And my in that place.
Richelle Direny: That's going to trigger for me.
Richelle Direny: It's gonna be a trigger for
Donita McClintic: Me, you know,
Donita McClintic: It sounds simple, to think about how I'm saving
Richelle Direny: I mean, I
Richelle Direny: Just think about
Donita McClintic: You
Donita McClintic: And I'm seeing
Donita McClintic: Exactly. You're seeing it, because you see
Richelle Direny: When you're saying
Richelle Direny: I'm a pray for you. You're not being rude.
Richelle Direny: You're not being this
Richelle Direny: What I'm saying is
Richelle Direny: I would rather pray
Richelle Direny: For you.
Donita McClintic: Because if I join you.
Richelle Direny: I may pull you
Donita McClintic: Or you may pull
Donita McClintic: And so
Richelle Direny: We don't need to both wonder
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna pray for you.
Donita McClintic: And rescue will come for you.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yep. And that's what I'm going to do. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: So great.
Donita McClintic: One of your goals.
Donita McClintic: And developing your own self care.
Richelle Direny: I want you to let me let me
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: I want you to, I would like you to
Donita McClintic: I know you like someone journaling and writing things down.
Donita McClintic: I want you to identify at least
One self care.
Donita McClintic: Plan.
Richelle Direny: That you can implement
Donita McClintic: So if for you.
Richelle Direny: If it's
Richelle Direny: Going for can your mom.
Richelle Direny: Your mom.
Donita McClintic: Like where you live, or you a
Richelle Direny: Little bit where you live.
Donita McClintic: Yeah we live out in the country. I can, yeah, I can walk from where I am right now to her house yeah i mean it's it's like a half a mile, it's no big deal. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Whether you need in the middle.
Richelle Direny: And thinking about, like, you know, being in the country like that idea. Sounds so nice. Right.
Donita McClintic: Like and being out in the country is reset. You say, hey o'clock every day.
Richelle Direny: Whether you're gonna walk
Richelle Direny: 30 minutes or whatever it is. And you're going to spend 30 minutes a day.
Richelle Direny: Just talking and laughing with
Richelle Direny: Your mom or just outdoors or whatever that is, whatever that looks like.
Richelle Direny: Something for your own self here.
Richelle Direny: Because
Whether you're talking and
Richelle Direny: That's so care, you're adding
Richelle Direny: years to your life like
Richelle Direny: I feel
Donita McClintic: That's how I am when I played with Kayla, the five year old. My five year old cousin that's autistic that my mom has
Donita McClintic: The other day I got her in the but she loves taking a bath. She has played in the water. She just like I give her a little bow thing and she'll just like, move the water and and i i just love her, because she makes me laugh.
Donita McClintic: Okay, I'm getting a phone call, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on, let me
Donita McClintic: My Mom. I'll call her back and she made me tell me that he's ready to be picked up so
Richelle Direny: Let's do are you
Richelle Direny: Are you able to meet
Richelle Direny: In the morning
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I can meet whenever you are available.
Donita McClintic: Let's do what we're meeting every two weeks. Right.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet
Donita McClintic: On the 30th.
Donita McClintic: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: So,
Richelle Direny: Um, but yeah if even for yourself here, even if you intentionally say
Richelle Direny: Every day that whatever time she gets back
Richelle Direny: Times x your time.
Richelle Direny: Like you just spend it with her and you just fast.
Richelle Direny: Because your angel.
Donita McClintic: It's going to be a bright, bright sunshiny day. That's your sunshiny day I'm enjoying this time spending with this five year old.
Richelle Direny: She had no clue what life is about
Richelle Direny: And I want to enjoy things
Richelle Direny: In a sense,
Richelle Direny: Of her having no
Richelle Direny: clue what life is about it just having fun with her and just reliving those
Wow.
Richelle Direny: I feel good within
Donita McClintic: And I'm not going to allow my husband or anything that negative around
Richelle Direny: Feel this
Richelle Direny: Away from me.
Richelle Direny: From enjoying this. Because for so many years while I was in that storm.
Richelle Direny: I wasn't able to appreciate it. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All of this is all part of your relax plan is just like all the different things. Okay.
Donita McClintic: So,
Donita McClintic: I will see you, um, you say you're going to do on Tuesdays at eight.
Richelle Direny: Wednesdays.
Richelle Direny: At noon. Okay. So I'll see you next Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one.
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I'm really, really tired, actually.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Care has been like, all day and all night like I have an IV bag in the refrigerator right now. I told you about what happened right
Richelle Direny: What about the accident.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: He gotten a really bad ATV accident he broke his pelvis and the front and the back and they wanted him to stay in the hospital for two weeks minimum like on morphine or whatever, like not moving. Basically, because the doctor told him that
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I guess after you break those two parts of your pelvis, your pelvis is like an egg and like it should just if it shatters it will easily shatter. And if it
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Is then you die, you know. And so I've been so careful with everything with him like to have him not move around or get out or do anything because I don't. I even like Baden in bed, literally, because I don't want him to get up and shatter his pelvis and die, you know,
Richelle Direny: And I know that I know I remember you told us told me about it. That's a lot. I mean, I've gone. Did you grow up, what happened on group.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That was the thing. So I called like an hour earlier today, um, because I wanted to know if I could get into a different time. Like if I if I missed that group if there's another one that I could go to like get a different time because
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It 630 that's like when I feed him you know and like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It's like right in the middle of everything I have eight animals here and he can't take care of anything. So I have to take care of all these damn animals feed them all take care of them all.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And they have to feed him and myself, take care of the dishes and anyways. All this goes on, you know, and I called at about 715
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: On group night and it was like to lay. I was in the meeting room for like 1015 minutes and by then they're like, OH groups just ending. And it's like, Oh, great. That's nice.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And so I called today, like I said, an hour earlier and I was like, are there any other groups like there has to be like during the week that I can make up for, you know, if I miss my
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Fine, you know, because it's like right now, instead of normally it would be no problem, but with him like this. It's like a really bad time because I don't have help with anything, you know,
Richelle Direny: Let me send an email for for Michigan there typically is no other
Richelle Direny: Time. I'm the only thing maybe
Richelle Direny: Is that I run groups and you can
Richelle Direny: That's Tuesday at 630
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I can see. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Maybe. Let me confirm because I, there is a group that goes
Richelle Direny: on Thursdays at 12. I mean, but it's a fairly big group.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That would be awesome. That'd be a lot easier for me to make I wake up really early in the morning.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I go to bed early. I go to bed like he bought
Richelle Direny: Me confirm because there. I think there is a group that goes on and
Richelle Direny: I want to say 12 o'clock on Monday.
Richelle Direny: I have to find out what they, the group is
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And I'll let you know whatever it is honestly the timing is better, even if it's on Friday or Saturday. I don't care. I'd rather have it be at like a time I can make it.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And do you know what I'm going to get my Pika. I don't mean to say that no weird way, but I'm just waiting in the mail. I guess for a peek up and like I don't know when I'm going to get it. So I'm like, Okay, I'm just
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: sit here and wait even pee on the phone with, I guess, whoever answers today, get my up
Richelle Direny: Let me find. Now, hold on.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: They said, it's not really a big deal. I don't want to pee. With Dr Fargo anybody who's anybody else.
Richelle Direny: Well, I know they send you this, they send you everything and then you send out
Richelle Direny: Something
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It was they said it was going to be a test that could read on demonic because they aren't
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So they said, They're not like sending anything out right now because of the virus, you know, so they said it would read everything right there, like in the bathroom, I guess, which is good. I mean, that's
Richelle Direny: I think they, I think you go to the line.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh, well, no. Oh, no. I talked to the doctor about this last week. And because the labs are so it's such like a
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Like a D priority to like everybody because of the stupid virus that it would take like literally almost a month for me to get in and so last week when I talked on the phone.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And it was just like, we're just going to mail you the pika, and it's going to have every single thing on it and you're going to do it over the phone like you know like pee and show the cup and everything you know you in the bathroom alone, you have to show
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That I'm
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: God
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I don't know if it was Dr Fargo, or if it was that woman in the breakout room. You know that I go into when I admit
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, to my meetings or whatever. But it was one of those to I mean they had my address correct and everything. It was really weird. And I was like, okay, that's fine too. I mean, whatever, I would just like to know.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: What I need to do. You know, I want to be like 100% cooperative. But then again, like I don't know what the hell to do because like I said, you're like, Oh, no, you need to get labs and when I talked to Dr. Dr Fargo last week.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: They were mailing me my things so that I can do it like virtually, I guess.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And if you don't see that. Then I'll I can get them done. It's just going to take
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: A little bit because like I said, they're not prioritizing it at all. Like when I called the hospital. It's literally like life or death or giving birth, you know, type of thing now with COPD and we only have one hospital and Manistee, and one walk in clinic.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Which sucks.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And I don't drive and my husband, like a said can't even get out of bed so
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That's why they said they were going to mail me the test. And I was just going to do it virtually and I'm totally okay with that. I would just like to know when to expect it. Because like I live with his mother, you know me and like I mean there's other people you know I
Richelle Direny: Know you guys know what his mommy said
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Well, I mean, like we have like our own little area, but we're on like his mom's property, you know, like, I mean this is technically his mom's house like his mom's little trailer that we're in, you know, so like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: The thing is, is that
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: All of the mail goes to just one main mailbox. It's not like you know any mean like here for your trailer and your treat you know to mean like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, it doesn't have like one for every five trail, you know, for the five trailers, or whatever the heck, it's just one mailbox, you know. So like I said, I just don't want somebody getting it and like throwing it away or doing something stupid, not knowing what it is you know
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It'd be better if I knew what to expect it, or at least around what day to expect it so that I can tell them hey can you watch for us in the mail. I know it's really weird, but like, you know, I mean, people aren't really going into the offices now and then.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on.
Richelle Direny: I'm getting she's responding to me.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Not trying to sound like weirdo. But I promise you, these were things that were told to me. I wouldn't just say that, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And I don't mind getting everything weekly if I have to until my labs are done. I mean, it doesn't matter to me. It's all I take, you know, so it's not like a really care if I have to get it a week, get a time until my labs are done. You know, it's just the fact that
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It's not like a priority. You know, I've called the hospital and the walking clinic and like as soon as I can get in as a little bit over three weeks. It's like 17 days or something, you know, they're like, we just don't have priority for that right now. And they asked
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Us connect gloves. And if I've been out of the country and all this crap. And if I have a cough and it's like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I don't want to go through that when I go in there, especially if they've seen people like that you know that have had a call for been out of the country like no I don't want to get sick with that crap.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I've literally quarantine myself because of my husband X, my husband's accident.
Richelle Direny: At home. So it was an
Richelle Direny: ATV accident accident.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, he it was horrible. He was speeding and he went over a bump and the tires weren't like filled up all the way. So he flew in the air with a TV, and he flew off the TV in the air, and then he obviously landed first and a TV landed on top of him.
Richelle Direny: I sent an email to
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Me saying it was
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Wasn't speeding. I'm sorry, the tires were just flat. He went over a big bump.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, he's had the front tires were deflated, basically, you know, and he didn't know that before getting on it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, cuz I've never heard them to the virtual oh that's very interesting virtual so because she's saying that they
Always
Richelle Direny: Know, she's saying that they've always require the initial lab to be done and like a commercial laboratory and then after that I do virtual but then because of what you're saying. So, um, so you're saying that you have not gotten a car.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: No, no, I'm waiting for it. Like I said, because he talked to me about, like, a week ago. So I'm waiting for the cat.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I know I told her about. I said, Oh, that is why they made that except the weird exception. Yeah, sorry. My husband is like trying to pipe in like open the door with his cane and be like, did you sell them because of coven they're making an exception. And I'm like, Yeah, I know, Kevin. I know.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Just lay down. That's what you do best. Your, your injury. Don't move.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Online for like disinfecting wipes. It's like, what the heck. When did their market go up on disinfectant wipes like
Richelle Direny: It cuz I got that magic stuff is
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Serious though it's not even funny. It's like you can show you can charge 4795 for one pack of
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: The like the 390 but you're not even that, you know, like the 295 bags. They mean it's like people are, and people are buying them, you know, it's like over 25 sold, and I'm like, oh my god. No way. Wow, this guy's made a lot of money, I'm sanitary wipes, you know,
Richelle Direny: That I would be I wouldn't be buying this effective white for that much money.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Now I have hand sanitizer in hand. So, but I'm fine with that, you know,
Richelle Direny: Alright, so let's do your. Okay, so we're doing today. We're because this is your second time meeting with me right
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah.
Yeah.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah I yes I met you before.
Richelle Direny: And then I grew
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: With the girl. Yeah, no, I might even for the group, though. Remember that we made the appointment.
Richelle Direny: Trying to know I'm looking to see if we did our bio psychosocial because I don't see that we did that.
Richelle Direny: When, when I met with you first was that with Dr. For ago. And then I scheduled the appointment.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I'm, I'm, it was after Dr. For Argo. I believe it was in the evening. I think it was like four
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I don't, I call I always call it an hour early for some reason. And why because I'm on Michigan time and everywhere is different. I don't know. But anyways, what
Richelle Direny: Time it was
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I just don't remember the exact time
Richelle Direny: I just no no no no time, not the time. I'm not said What time is it there. What time is it, where you are.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Here right now it's 512
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're saying time as me Eastern Standard
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm just, I just don't want to have to repeat the same if it is that we did. I'm looking to see it says here that we're
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Talking about asking me, like, like if I'm like homicidal and suicidal and all those question and your
Richelle Direny: And
Your history.
Richelle Direny: We did go through that. Okay, I'm looking for here. I don't see it. So I don't want to have to
Richelle Direny: Do it.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It's okay, we have to do. I don't care. I can answer it all again it doesn't really matter to me, you know,
Richelle Direny: Cuz it's oh
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: Do we talk about, um, do you have siblings.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, we talked about that too. I remember, I have one older and one younger. I'm the middle child.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And my older one is my half sister.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so let's just dive in.
Richelle Direny: I'm married. You're married name.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, you asked me if there was like a history of, you know, if there was a history of suicide or addiction and my family. Yes. Yeah. A lot of different stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no reason why I have to ask because they have you scared. That's what they have you scheduled past that. That's what we're doing. But if we did that. We don't need to do that again. And so
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, I wouldn't be su even asked me if there was a history of cancer in my family.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: But like I said, if you don't have it saved and I can say that I'm an egg.
No.
Richelle Direny: No, it's not me that that doesn't have it saved because I just the only time I see us meeting is I'm only time I actually have a meeting is
Richelle Direny: When we met for group.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: weird, that's weird. Ya know, we met. We met before group. We met the same exact day. Like I said that I met that I was on the phone doctor for our go and he sent me up with you but
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: We talked about everything. And like I said, we did the whole thing about my siblings. My family history, like all that homicidal suicide, all that stuff, but I don't care, I can answer it again if you want me to
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm gonna have to do. I don't think yeah because I'm trying to think that it's
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to see if you met with somebody else and they went through that if you did your intake, because usually your first appointment in all of everything that I'm looking at here. Um, I do see that you
Richelle Direny: met me quite a few people.
Richelle Direny: Rice.
Richelle Direny: And a lot of those questions. I think you would have done with Dr farago as well, which is
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh yeah, probably. Mm hmm.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And like I said, I call if I miss group like I don't like ever like call like Miss group and not call, you know, like, usually I call either when it's like in the middle of it, or in the end of it or
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Because I missed it. And I was trying to find out if there was another group, I could get into. Do you know, and honestly, the guy like was like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Just one moment, bear with me here for like 20 minutes on the phone. And then he was finally like looks like that's the only group, you can get into.
Richelle Direny: And then place it for right now it is honestly. So you're in Michigan. I'm the only therapist that, well, I'm the only there's another
Richelle Direny: There is another therapist that is in Michigan. But the thing is, she only I think she has her groups on my Monday and she only has like a small number of patients and she see because so I'm the one that you would do grew up with.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And for right now, so he told
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Was like Monday nitro and maybe. And I was like, you know, the timing would be better, but at the same point in time, like I would. I wouldn't want to meet with anybody else really except for you, you know,
Richelle Direny: She is, she would. It would just be that you would go to her group alone. That's all you would do, you would just go to her group alone.
Richelle Direny: But the thing is, she would have to approve you coming to her group.
Richelle Direny: She would have to approve you coming to her group. And she said,
Richelle Direny: Hey, I have to ask her, because she only sees
Richelle Direny: A certain number of people in her group. And I don't know if these people that come to her group. I think they've been in the program for a long time. And that's the reason why
Richelle Direny: She hasn't set that way. So I sent her a message to see because I do understand, like you said, you have your husband that you are taking care of your caregiver for him right now. So, you know, I understand the difficulty in
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Having to if it
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Was just him. It wouldn't be that bad. But it's him plus three, three turtles a cat and five dogs and one of the dogs, a puppy with a cleft palate. So like it's harder than I make it sound, you know,
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And yeah and that's and that's
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: An alignment Maltese. Sorry. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, the one that you showed me the on the last time.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Everybody thinks that she
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Everybody thinks that she won ACM like ways then like, you know, like outside one party they think he's a sheep because he has so much for like he looks like a sheep dog. It's funny.
Richelle Direny: They just said she just responded and said that for the nothing was sent out as yeah so they haven't sent out the call. So she said that when they send it out, you will get a tracking number
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Awesome. Just like I said I can get the cup myself. You know what I mean, I don't want to have any issues with this.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. So unfortunately I don't know who you spoke to, and I don't see because I'm looking through I'm going all the way back to
Richelle Direny: Okay, so they just require they just requested for them to send
Richelle Direny: Yes, they just requested for them to send it out. They have not sent it out here. So they just she just put in a request to have it sent down
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Okay, cool, cool.
Awesome.
Richelle Direny: Alright so much. No problem. So once I find out about the arm.
Richelle Direny: Once I find out
Richelle Direny: About the, the group, I will let you know.
Richelle Direny: If you because I think that's what I think that's the time that she does her group, she does her groups on Mondays at
Richelle Direny: She does it on Mondays at noon, but I don't know if it's every week or every other week, whereas I do my every um
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I know Amy and
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so she she would have to submit termination.
Richelle Direny: So okay, so now. Yeah. In looking at everything here. Um, I don't know if like some of those questions, or whatever the situation is was because I remember looking at it here to see all of the times that we've met. And I remember you come into group that one time.
Richelle Direny: So in terms of your bio. Your I haven't seen you outside of I'm looking at the calendar, all the way back. So, and your I haven't seen you for your bio. So basically,
Richelle Direny: It's just, let's just run through it because I don't know if somebody that you spoke to you know what there is someone that you did speak to that may have asked for a lot of those questions.
Richelle Direny: I think her name is RJ and she's the one that does the intake. So there's somebody that does a different type of admission.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, probably. Yeah, probably. I know I just I just know I've answered the questions twice.
Richelle Direny: One for the darker and then
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: One for some
Richelle Direny: Yeah, when you did the admission, because I'm looking in. I said,
Richelle Direny: I can't remember ever meeting, but I do remember you in group. And when we made the appointment with Dr farago but uh, you know, so just to quickly run through how did you. So tell me, how did you hear about bright heart. Who told you a proper heart.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I found it online, actually.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you were just looking for a program
Richelle Direny: That would be benefiting from home.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm sure the quarantine thing to, you know, and, um, I had a previous doctor
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That I was seeing as like a primary care doctor and
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: He had tried to get me to take oxycodone 7.5 and I told him that I had been seeing a special doctor and getting some detox from that doctor
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And his response was, Well, I'm not a special doctor and I don't prescribe some detox.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And I said, Okay, well, I can't take that and he said, well, this is what I'm prescribing you and this is what you should be taking and need to be taking
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: For your pain because I have a disc demoing disease in my back. I was in a really bad car accident 2016 and my spine is slowly going away.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And so anyways I never took these pills.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I filled them and then I went to the hospital I dispose of them. And I kept taking my be morphine, because I had like a week and a half left. You know, I was just trying to see if my doctor would prescribe it
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So that I didn't have to freak out. Basically, you know, and he wouldn't you know he's not very nice about it. So I made an appointment for five days later.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: To go in there and say my kidneys her from taking medication, you know, just to see if you would give me some you text, then you know because it's like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: No, this doesn't work for me. I don't know how many times. I'm gonna have to tell you it but I take ibuprofen during the day, all day because I'm in pain, and I can't combo this and it profaned and I don't want it. I don't want opiates. I just want some new tax you know
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And he said that he couldn't help me.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That was it. And so I said, Fine. Screw it. I'll find help myself. Then you know like if you're not going to help me as my primary care doctor than I have to find out myself. Obviously, you know, like, and so that's basically how I found you guys
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Because I was in
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: dire need to find a doctor because no doctor that I was seeing, you know, like I had a savvy tech doctor before I had a primary doctor and he lost his license and
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Didn't give me a reason why just get gave me a text message that was one of like 172 all of his patients saying I can't, no longer see you anymore because my license is suspended.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, they're doing this to a lot of doctors that are prescribing Suboxone and sub you text to people because they don't want people, you know, getting healthy. And that was all I heard from him.
Richelle Direny: So why would you
Richelle Direny: When was your first the first time, like when you give your history. When was your first time.
Richelle Direny: Just starting on the dependency. How old were you
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Probably in my early, early, mid 20s.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and that's what and that was after or before the accident.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Um, before I was in X. Before I was in a drastic car accident. I had already been on substances, but when I was when I got in the accident. I was clean. I had been clean for a while.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what was the drug of choice, prior to the accident.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And it was heroin. But then I moved to my with my husband and
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I had no choice but to detox, because everybody knows. Did you go to Hawaii. Like you go to Maui. You're not going to find that kind of a substance on that kind of an island. You know, like it's just it
Richelle Direny: Doesn't exist there.
Richelle Direny: You went to Maui.
Richelle Direny: Just a vacation.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I went to mount
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: No, I live there with my husband for five
Richelle Direny: Years. Okay, okay, okay, so why am
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I know I'm I'm Korean I'm the weird one. I have. I'm like, I'm mixed. I'm like, very mixed. That's why I have high cheekbones and little eyes and I naturally have white hair but my whole entire family as black hair.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I was just born without pigment in my hair. That's why you saw me like washing out black hair color because my hair is almost always black or else it looks weird. You know, like people. I was like, What are you, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Instead of like being like, my name's on LA. And I'm Korean and Polynesian or whatever, you know, but
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Anyways, yeah. So he moved me out there because he knew that if he moved me out there that I would not be able to get heroin. That's why he moved me out there.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know me out there because he knew that it was the one safe place for me on this earth that nobody could get drugs across that across three months 3000 miles of ocean. You know, so that's why he moved me there.
Richelle Direny: And I went to detox there and I got
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Clean I got clean. I did what they call it clean detox. I didn't have some you tags. I didn't have Bens those and have anything like that all I had.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Were vitamins and Gabba Penton you just supplements. Basically, I went to the ER three times and 11 days. The first 11 days I was there, I thought I was going to die didn't sleep one night because I was so ill, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Um,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: But I did it. And I got clean and I was playing on Hawaii with my husband and
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Then we got into a really bad car accident and I'm
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: My life just went
Richelle Direny: Or
Richelle Direny: Whatever. So, and, and you know that was in your. How old were you when that happened,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: This was in 2016 so 2020 now, it would have been, I would have been for four years younger. So 3132 and I was about 20 I was 27 I think about 27 yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, so have you ever been into any treatment programs.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh yeah, mm hmm, yeah. I've been to a couple of treatment programs.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Like, then
Anyway,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, now. Oh, so when he moved out to my way. It was to also be in a program in a treatment program.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, to get me clean
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh 3000 Miles drugs.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Okay to
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: A place where I knew no one and it was nothing but loving Aloha.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, you can't find anything. I mean, maybe you can find some pot, maybe you know what I mean, like, you can just go down and beat me like, Hey, do you guys do airway. You know, like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That's just the way that
Richelle Direny: You write up that
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What. Um, now when you were in the program where you're getting individual therapy as well.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Um, yeah, no, I had to see a counselor every single day. Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: And
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Accounts are Anadarko
Richelle Direny: What do you have any underlying medical conditions.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I have PTSD my things I
Richelle Direny: Know,
Richelle Direny: That psychiatric we're going to get to the psychiatric part of the
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh, like the
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Medically
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, medical, yeah. So I have a disc demoing disease in my back that sparked up right after a car accident.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: There's also something else wrong with me neurologically on if I laugh too hard or cry too hard, like if I get into like too much of an extreme emotion for longer than, let's say,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: 30 to 45 seconds I fall over like a log, literally. That's why I'm sitting, I'm talking to you. You know, I just fall like it's not like my knees give in and then I just like like hit the ground, I just
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I have torn meniscus isn't both of my name is
Richelle Direny: Amanda was from the asking if this was from the accident.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, all of this from an ox. Yep. My body just started to dwindle away like I mean I just start it and I kept trying to kind of, I guess, live like a normal human being and I figured out that I couldn't you know but
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Anyway, and
Yeah.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I mean, I see massage therapist Cairo thought I was seeing so many people after I got in this accident and like I said
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Before the x i mean anyways.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah. So like I said, I lived on Maui. And I had no intention, but after we were in a car accident. We couldn't afford to live there anymore. My husband couldn't go to work, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I mean, we couldn't
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: pay the bills to stay at our apartment. So we had to leave and go back to Las Vegas, where his mother lived at the time.
Richelle Direny: So after the five years of being in Hawaii in going through the treatment programs and the different hospitalization, you left from Hawaii and went to Las Vegas to live with his mother.
Richelle Direny: And did the did, did you maintain your sobriety. Then, or did you have a relapse or anything you maintained it
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I realized then
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I relapsed for
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: A year, I realized like, one year and then
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: My second girlfriend died I stayed sober through the first one's death she hung herself.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: But when my girlfriend odd and died. That was when I got sober after using for about a year again.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I just decided, my life was
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So much more important, and I didn't want to be the one in a casket well people are giving speeches for me about how much they love me. And if I would only have just stopped, then I would be there, you know,
Richelle Direny: How long. How long ago was this that most of your friends died.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And the last one was three years in March.
Richelle Direny: Or so you said that for years, mental health, you were you said diagnosed with PTSD.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: He had PTSD anxiety and mild bipolar.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And did you see a psychiatrist, you follow the psychiatrist monthly or every
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Other side. I've been trying to get Peter to help me. I see a psychiatrist on the 19th of May, or earth. Yeah. The 19th of ma'am. Sorry.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That's as soon as they have an opening so I'm supposed to talk to Dr Fargo on Monday on if you can write me a prescription for the medications that I take psychiatrically until the 19th of May.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And they can send him a referral.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It's from the central IT'S CALLED CENTRAL of wellness.
Richelle Direny: You know, what do you want medications what interesting
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Products. Oh.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I'm sorry, I take Canarsie Pam one milligram at wondering when the morning one at night, and then I take on Seroquel 100 milligrams at night.
Richelle Direny: What were your diagnosis PTSD and one was bipolar and anxiety.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Bipolar and anxiety.
Okay.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And I've been on the same meds for like the sounds. I got clean basically
Richelle Direny: Have you had any history of
Richelle Direny: overdoses suicidal thoughts or homicidal thoughts or self injury behaviors, anything like that an eating disorder, nothing.
Ever
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh, eating disorder. Yeah, but it wasn't because I wanted to kill myself. It was just, I want to be pretty that's all I wanted to be skinny.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, like I me on it. So I never liked wanted to die from not eating. I just want to be pretty and really skinny. I felt like when I was really tiny. A good flow, you know, and when I was young.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I was in a really bad situation, growing up.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So like by the age of five. I learned that like my dad could beat the crap out of me and do what everybody couldn't make me. You know, I could sleep at a dinner table, I could throw my food up you know I could
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Do whatever I had to do when I was, you know, and I mean, when I was a little girl because that was the one thing that I could control, you know, was my eating behaviors and so
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I think I carry that into my adulthood, you know, um, and even though I've been to treatments for it, you know.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I think in the past. I mean, not now. I'm 120 pounds and I'm healthy. You know, and I have. I love food. Don't get me wrong, but in the past, um,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, doctors could tell me anything they could say that. I mean I got down to 67 pounds and they said that my organs were eating themselves away and I still wouldn't stop.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Not eating at, you know what I mean, like, it's just that when you're
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: When you're in a negative behavior like that. And I even got told that treatment that like after I had first gone and clean to be really, really careful because since I am anorexic.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And it's just like addiction that will always be in the back of my head. And because I'm anorexic.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Right after I get clean my anorexia my pop up like the ghosts in the backyard that I never knew was that you know that I had, you know, that I had basically hidden in the backyard. You know, so that my addiction could take, you know, front stool.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And so I learned a lot about that. And so I learned you know that even when I wasn't hungry when I was getting sober that I had to eat, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I learned that even if, if I had to live off pizza that I would, you know, I mean, I learned that I needed to eat again and then after learning to eat again. I learned to be healthy again, you know,
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Now you said that when you were in in Hawaii, you were seeing a therapist. Now, now you're not seeing a therapist patient right now, you're not seeing anyone know are you
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I have an appointment on the night team. I really see a woman.
Richelle Direny: Is that for psychiatry or just for Earth individual therapy.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It's supposed to be for psychiatry.
Richelle Direny: Okay that's different psychiatry is that they're prescribing medication therapy is like psychotherapy talk therapy.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You. I thought you were my therapist.
Richelle Direny: No, but outside, outside of bright heart, are you
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Now,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Okay, sorry.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, though some people do see people outside of bright heart. So in the community. So that's why I was asking. Okay.
No.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, do you have any pending or pending or practical charges.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I'm
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Not that I know of.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: No.
Richelle Direny: doubt about it, like, hold on. Not that I know I
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Know I'm just, I'm going back to my whole entire life, you know, any mean but like i've been i've never been arrested for drugs and they were better at. You know what I mean, like, I just, I don't know. I was always a smart girl when it came to that kind of stuff, you know, like I just
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I didn't. I was never really
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, and I've never really, you know, like I said I, you know,
Richelle Direny: What about family history. History
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: My dad is bipolar. But he's undiagnosed. He's one of those people who's sick but doesn't think he said
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: There could be 12 people in the room and 11 people could say he was crazy. And he would say he isn't crazy that the 11 people
Richelle Direny: People, but the one he
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Said yeah I know it alls wrong with
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You, but I'm cool. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What about your mom.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And my mom and she's had, um,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I don't really want to say she's had suicidal history because my mom is actually a really funny person like I'm not just she's very humorous. You know, like, and she's just
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: She's like one of those moments like balls of steel like she'll just say whatever is on her mind to whoever walks by, like, I mean, I was at my mother's ones in Seattle, and she got really depressed and she said she was going for a walk. She came back five minutes later and said that
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That she was going to walk in front of a bus, and so my dad called the police and the police showed up at her apartment and asked her, Are you suicidal and she said that she would have walked in front of their car.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Right then, so
Richelle Direny: asked her if she was suicidal and she's like, Yeah, I could walk in for your car.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That I should have ran in front of your car when you went when you came up. Yeah.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And then they said, well, ma'am. We're gonna have to take you to the hospital for for being suicidal, you know, and she said, What kind drive my own car. And they're like, No man.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Enough to write in the back with us. And she's like, Oh, so like, are you going to put handcuffs on me and they're like, No, ma'am. We're just going to drive you to the hospital, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: She called me, and she was talking about the people that were next to her. She said she was next to an elderly gentleman named Carl
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And all he was doing was saying I want my orange juice. I want my own shoes. Where's my effing our shared me eight hours for our chairs, she was telling me these people. And she's like, I thought I was really bad. And then I came in here and I realized
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I shouldn't like she's like, I shouldn't have said that. You know, you know what I mean, like he doesn't really, you know, she just Vince it out, you know,
Richelle Direny: And she doesn't recognize like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Until like 10 minutes later, when she's really screwed. You know, and she's like, Oh, shit. What did I just say, you know,
But
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Anyways,
Richelle Direny: That's been so you're so you said that you're
Richelle Direny: You're the one that's
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That's my mom.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, that's why she's crazy because of that in her yep that makes her absolutely insane. But anyways, so yeah.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And my grandparents on my grandfather. On my dad's side was a smoker heavily, and he died of lung cancer and my grandmother on my mom's side was a heavy smoker and she died of lung cancer.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So anyways, lung cancer, seems to run and my family but. Neither of my parents smoke.
Richelle Direny: And they're both still alive and they're together.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Now they divorced when I was five. But my dad's obsessed with my mother and my takes care of her completely and like has always lived within a mile of her
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Like yeah and of
Course
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Because when I was a kid, my dad was an abusive as well. But he totally changed, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It was like, kind of like way too late. After he changed, you know, but he still is like one of those diehard never give up. He's a Christian. He believes. You're only supposed to have one wife, you know, and like until
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know the other person dies. You can remarry. And my mom was married before him, and when her previous husband passed. He's like, Oh, well, you can remind me then. And she's like, I don't think so.
Richelle Direny: You, you have a comical family. It sounds like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: A sad. Yeah, yeah. You don't even know.
What about
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Your you said, my dad just told me like two years ago.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: He's been like telling me that I'm Brazilian and stuff like that because I'm like, what are we, you know, like, I mean, I didn't really get to talk to, like, my grandfather, but like he looks like he's like some
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, like native mobster, you know, like, so what are we, you know, and like a year or two ago. He's like, we're Latino and I'm like why we're Latino
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You. I mean, and like, I'm not kidding you, three months prior to this, my family gotten an argument about going to a Mexican restaurant and like my mom called specs Mexicans and my dad is like, that's actually a compliment fixer Italians.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Anyway, is
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Be in the car with the two of them. It's like almost like you're watching a comedy show it's hilarious. You're just like, I'm just gonna not say anything. I'm just going to sit back and video this
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Wow, that is funny. What about your siblings. Do they have any history of substance abuse or mental illness.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: My younger sister is like my dad. She is bipolar. But not
Richelle Direny: She doesn't think
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Anyways, she lives and she's married to a seven year old man and she lives in a halfway house.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Because he's dying and he smokes meth and cigarettes and she doesn't want to be around it because she wants to now all of a sudden get clean after they got married.
Richelle Direny: Wow, okay.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So I don't speak to her. Um, yeah, it's my husband just scream from the bed that he's laying in that my sister's life is like Jerry Springer, you know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Oh no, he said what he said what he said what he's listening to sounds like I'm on Jerry Springer.
Richelle Direny: Anyways, so
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: My younger sister got married, very old man, and he got very angry. And so she left to get clean, she's in a halfway house. It's the last thing, my mother told me about her, but I didn't really speak to her and my older sister, who is my half sibling.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: My mom was married, like I said, prior to my dad and had a daughter and
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: She doesn't have any problems with anything. She smokes cigarettes, but she's a waitress and like a smoky bar, you know, so it's kind of like you can't beat them, join them. I guess you know she's worked at the same place for like 15 years like waitressing there so
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Everybody knows her
Richelle Direny: Do you have. What's your highest level of education.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I have some college I went to college for two years. I did.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I did some in high school and then I did some i i would did this program called sore or you stay an extra two hours to do college courses.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Mm hmm. Anyways,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: So I did that my senior I did that my senior year of high school. And then I went to every community college for a year.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Do you, um, you're born and raised in Michigan or
Richelle Direny: Like that slow motion.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Anyways, no, um, this is actually the first time I've ever been to Michigan was about, you know, a couple months ago. So I knew nothing about an Arctic. I mean, Michigan. I knew nothing about Michigan.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Before I came here anyways. And so I was in previously hot states like Las
Vegas.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Hawaii.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know, um, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Are you knew nothing about an article or being Michigan.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah, no, I didn't know it can snow in April, but
Richelle Direny: You know, I mean, I guess in Ann Arbor, Michigan and
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You're not
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Me.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Can snowball in April, you know, whatever.
Richelle Direny: What hey you know you're gonna hang in there for your husband.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Your
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: That's, that's a low blow.
Richelle Direny: That is too funny. So, okay.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Do you sound like my mom, my mom's like, just hang tight to hang loose baby just say
Richelle Direny: I know the weather seems to be a little bit crazy over because there are other states where I'm hearing it's snowing and I'm really, really like isn't winter like almost over.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: There's no or that can be worse than here. Yeah, right. They live. They live in the physical real Antarctica. You know, like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: God just Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Whatever.
Richelle Direny: Wow, okay. All right, then. So, um, YOU ARE FUNNY. YOU YOU YOU'RE LIKE YOUR MOM huh
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Yeah I know I'm a. Yeah. No, but I can get in the car with her. We laugh too much alike, we sound too much like my husband came and tell the difference. It's funny.
Richelle Direny: You're too funny, you are very funny. All right, then.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You're adorable. You're like, oh, are you raised here.
Richelle Direny: I love was your emotion like you opened your eyes what
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Did you grow.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Up sliding on snow ski.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Mountains of towns and snowballs and those things. No man. No, I did not. I'm sorry. He
Richelle Direny: Does your mom comes to visit you in this time.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And she came to visit once and it's like
Richelle Direny: Good is saying.
You know,
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I like we have a spare bedroom.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You know,
Richelle Direny: You know, like we
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: We make room for you. Oh, I'm good. It's totally cool now.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: You can come here, though. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That is too funny. All right. Let's read. Let's schedule you for the sixth which is May six at let's do with 10 O'clock be better for you because you're saying the mornings are better.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: At whatever. Yeah, I don't care. Morning After whatever's easiest for you, like you said, I just want to like
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Abide by the program. That's why I'm so angry at myself that I missed two meetings. That's why I keep harassing right. All right, how about other meetings. You know what I mean, because I felt
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Terrible.
Richelle Direny: All right, what are they
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'll send it a reminder. And what I'll do is I once I get the information back from the, the other
Richelle Direny: Therapists I should say for her group that you know
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: I like me with you. Anyways, I'm kind of crazy and I don't know if other people are gonna like laugh at me, look at me like I'm cuckoo anyway.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, um,
Richelle Direny: But if I do, so I don't know about that. I
Richelle Direny: Don't know if I do because I thought about opening up another group, a little bit earlier for people. The days the earlier.
Richelle Direny: The group is scheduled, the better. So I just said I needed what I needed to see was the consistency in the evenings.
Richelle Direny: And so, and get like a consensus to see who wants to meet in the morning. And then what I would do is just schedule it for the morning
Richelle Direny: But for right now, we're going to keep it in the evening, but I know that I could do a group in the morning at 11 with Dr Fraga when he does his medication checking, just to do the group together. But I told him to me.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: It.
Richelle Direny: To me, yeah. I wonder if I do do that live. I'll let everyone know so whoever is able to meet in the morning, they could just go ahead and meet in the morning for group. Okay.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Okay, cool.
Richelle Direny: But you haven't you
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Know you just listen to me. And thank you for listening to me. But anyway, so he said, right.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: And you got all my health care stuff down. Good to go.
Richelle Direny: You are good to go. Go on. Yo, yo, yo, what is it the ski.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Snow. Oh yeah, I've been down my snowball right over here. Yeah, I will see you for May 6 ensure and we'll see you on Tuesday. So have a great rest of your evening.
Hannah Mitchell-Matter: Nice to meet you.